README.md, before:

# <abr title='You Should Know'>YSK</abr> Kyle
Visit the website here: [https://yskkyle.com/](https://yskkyle.com/)

You Should Know Kyle is my portfolio website to display Kyle Smith's experience with website design and programming.

## How To Use

### Travel Mode
Click on the top-left button to open a menu, then tap on "Travel Mode" to switch between travel modes. Travel modes include:
- Browser (default): Just like a browser. Move the scroll bars or drag around to move.
- Edge Scroller: Move your mouse to the edge of the screen to move.
- Control Stick: Just like a video game controller. Move a stick around to move.

### Hyperlink
If you find a bubble that is glowing blue, you may click on the bubble to bring you to another page.

### Back To Home
Click on the top-left button to open a menu, then tap on "Back To Home" to navigate back to the homepage.

## Development Info
The website was built entirely on top of the `create-next-app` template.
- Tools and frameworks used: React and Next.

## Contribution
All pull requests and issues will be looked over. This site is meant to show my web development experience; therefore, I am treating pull requests as issues.

Commit message:

Meta: Updated README by adding panorma and removing dev info. Dev info might change, and I don't want to update it often.

README.md, after:

# <abr title='You Should Know'>YSK</abr> Kyle
Visit the website here: [https://yskkyle.com/](https://yskkyle.com/)

You Should Know Kyle is my portfolio website to display Kyle Smith's experience with website design and programming.

## How To Use

### Travel Mode
Click on the top-left button to open a menu, then tap on "Travel Mode" to switch between travel modes. Travel modes include:
- Browser (default): Just like a browser. Move the scroll bars or drag around to move.
- Edge Scroller: Move your mouse to the edge of the screen to move.
- Control Stick: Just like a video game controller. Move a stick around to move.
- Panorama: You can see the entire screen without having to move.

### Hyperlink
If you find a bubble that is glowing blue, you may click on the bubble to bring you to another page.

### Back To Home
Click on the top-left button to open a menu, then tap on "Back To Home" to navigate back to the homepage.

## Contribution
All pull requests and issues will be looked over. This site is meant to show my web development experience; therefore, I am treating pull requests as issues.
